# Errors

> HTTP Status Code Summary

> **200** - OK - Success!

> **201** - OK - Resource created.

> **400** - Bad Request - The request was invalid or cannot be otherwise served.

> **401** - Unauthorized - Authentication credentials were missing or incorrect.

> **403** - Forbidden - There is no permission for access to the resource.

> **404** - Not Found - The requested item doesn't exist.

> **409** - Conflict - Another resource already exists for the given parameters.

> **422** - Failed validation - Some input parameter is invalid. See the `validation_messages` for details.

> **500** - Internal Server Error - Something went wrong on Ibercheck's end.

Ibercheck uses conventional HTTP response codes to indicate success or failure of an API request.
In general, codes in the 2xx range indicate success, codes in the 4xx range indicate an error that resulted from the
provided information (e.g. a required parameter was missing, etc.), and codes in the 5xx range indicate an error with
Ibercheck's servers.
Not all errors map cleanly onto HTTP response codes, however. When a request is valid but does not complete successfully
(e.g. a required was parameter was missing), we return a 422 error code.

Also Ibercheck uses the media type [application/problem+json](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-appsawg-http-problem)
for represent the error response body.

### Attributes

```http
HTTP/1.1 422 Unprocessable Entity
Content-Type: application/problem+json

{
  "validation_messages": {
    "celular_phone": {
      "phoneNumberNoMatch": "The input does not match a phone number format"
    },
    "national_id": {
      "DNI_NotValid": "Número de DNI inválido",
      "NIE_NotValid": "Número de NIE inválido"
    },
    "email": [
      "This is not a valid email"
    ]
  },
  "type": "http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html",
  "title": "Unprocessable Entity",
  "status": 422,
  "detail": "Failed Validation"
}
```

Attribute           | Description
-----------         | -----------
detail              | An human readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.
status              | The HTTP status code generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem.
title               | A short, human-readable summary of the problem type.
type                | An absolute URI that identifies the problem type.
validation_messages | *Optional*. Input validation error detail.
